OK.
So let's go ahead and dwell into the code.
So we need to we need to generate the answer and then we need to handle it.
So we're going to create an artificial air for the sake of the demo and then later on it's going to
disappear in a magical fashion.
So the first thing you look at is app that can put Dot T.
So let's go into that and have a look around see what we need to change.
So first of all this is is this correct.
It is just one tricked out anyway going down going down.
You can see that we have some new things here.
So the very first thing that you can notice is the Create A.S.C. error and that's a private variable
of a type string.
Now this will be a variable where we will store the error messages or a message HCC limits our account
limit.
We will use this variable in order to limit the order to specify how many accounts do we want to have
on our server.
And Max and this part here is familiar from before.
This is just the Create A.S.C. method.
Every time that this method is called the string for the where the error is to be stored the current
instance of it is initialized to zero to nothing.
Now assuming that there is we are assuming straightaway that there is no error.
And then we're performing a checkup.
So if the counts that length.
So if the length of the accounts array is greater Dinty count limit.
So if this is the array the accounts are right.
So it has one element it has the second element and if we implement a third element it's going to be
equal or greater to the A.S.C. limit variable here which is 3.
Therefore this entire expression within the if statement will be evaluated to false and hence this part
of the code will not execute.
Rather instead the else part of the code will execute.
So if this is true go ahead and execute this.
If it's false go ahead and do this.
So this logic here this is nothing new we know it from before except it's placed within an if statement
now.
And down below the else the else statement logic is a look a bit new.
It does this create ATC error.
So we're using basically this same string.
And then we're populating it with information it says only and then plus And then we're taking the account
limit and then in addition to that we are simply saying account accounts allow.
So on the three accounts allowed and this here is basically the string that you keep on seeing on the
site.
When we exceed the maximum number of accounts so OK so we have three.
There you go creating error only three accounts allowed.
OK so the rest of it is same in the follow through we will be adding more things there.
But for the time being I just want to go through a certain amount of infor I want to process a certain
amount of information with you.
And then we're going to add some additional things here as well.
Ops This is the good hub configuration.
So next up we need to go into the app component DOD hd a male and here we didn't actually add any additional
lines.
Rather instead we've just added this part here.
So we are performing property binding and we're binding the Create A.S.C. error from the parent component
to the error of the child component basically that's all that we're doing there.
Now if we go into the A.S.C. for TS component TS and there are a few things we need to do here before
I get well actually I can go down and sruti or see it says here at input and then it says error of type
string.
So this is the rectally related to this error here.
However since we are expecting the parents so the app component popularly to this error and as you can
see we have a logic of populating it here.
We don't actually need to write anything additional here in regard to this string like we need it to
write before.
As you can see it's as your output and then created and then an event emitter.
And if you remember before we also had input and there was like a longer line here for.
But since now the parent is populating the string variable error we don't actually need to do anything
else.
We just need to market with a decorator for input and that's it.
We're good to go.
We need to import we need to import input to the top here.
Actually it's already here.
So just import just right input here in the import statement so that we actually have it and then we
need to go into the account for that component at a female.
And there we go.
So this is the new part only these three lines here and we're using the NGF statement and we are checking
the validity of the error strik kind of steered away to this scan's repeating to say basically if the
error string is empty that will mean this will this part this part of the code will exist and it will
happen if we know the other way around.
Sorry if it's empty.
This will be now.
So the value will be now will be zero therefore 0 is always evaluated as false and since 0 is false.
This part of the code will never have happened.
It's going to be gone.
So if there is no if there are no errors.
If the length of the string is zero this will be zero and NGF will evaluate that as false because there
always stands or falls and this part of the code will not be executed.
However if there is an error message if the error string is populated by an error message that will
be evaluated to true.
Hence this portion of the code will execute it says this is from the bootstrap.
Alert alert danger.
The colors of the buttons and things like that.
I've explained that before.
And then we're just building strong strong tags means that we're building it says creating errors.
So we're just placing this into bold text and then we're adding to that the the error strings so we're
pooling the value of the string and we're placing it here within the DML code with the curly brackets.
And that is how we get what is written out onto the screen.
It's just creating your.
And then here only three accounts allow.
This is the string part.
Only 3 accounts allow them creating error is basically just the bold text from A but the string is pulled
from elsewhere.
Anyway I'm going to go ahead and bid farewell here and we shall see each other in the following tutorial
where we will expand on this code.